Add release notes for 1.20 (#675)
kyma-project/website: content/blog-posts/2021-02-25-release-notes-1.20/index.md

---
title: "Kyma 1.20 Amsterdam"
author:
  name: "Karolina Zydek, Technical Writer @Kyma"
tags:
  - release-notes
type: release
releaseTag: "1.20.0"
redirectFrom:
  - "/blog/release-notes-120"
---

> Hartelijk welkom bij Kyma 1.20 Amsterdam! Slip into a comfy pair of clogs, grab a tulip in your hand, and hop on a guided bike tour around recent changes in Kyma. This time it will be a quick but interesting ride, with four stops in the Eventing, Installation, Logging, and Serverless areas. Read on to see how these components have evolved and matured in the recent weeks, as their development is the leitmotif of this release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hartelijk welkom bij Kyma 1.20 Amsterdam! Slip into a comfy pair of clogs, grab a tulip in your hand, and hop on a guided bike tour around recent changes in Kyma. This time it will be a quick but interesting ride, with four stops around the Eventing, Installation, Logging, and Serverless areas. Read on to see how these components have evolved and matured in the recent weeks, as their development is the leitmotif of this release.
```
This one is just a suggestion :) Use it at your discretion :)

- [Logging](#logging) - Revamp of the Fluent Bit chart, support for Secrets in Fluent Bit
- [Serverless](#serverless) - Configurable Docker registry

## Eventing

### Removed support for outdated Knative APIs

We've recently removed support for the `legacysinkbindings.webhook.sources.knative.dev` and `sinkbindings.webhook.sources.knative.dev` Knative APIs. Apart from these APIs, the change does not affect any other Kyma features. You can find the details of this change in the issue [#10628](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/pull/10628).

## Installation  

### Evaluation and production profiles for Kyma installation and upgrade

Starting with the 1.20 release, you can install or upgrade Kyma with one of these predefined profiles:

- **Evaluation profile** with limited resources, suitable if you want to try out Kyma
- **Production profile** with high availability and scalability, recommended if you use Kyma for your production workload

For more details, read the [overview of both profiles](https://kyma-project.io/docs/1.20/root/kyma/#installation-overview-profiles).

## Logging

### Revamp of the Fluent Bit chart

> We upgraded to the latest upstream version of the Fluent Bit chart. As a result, we changed its overall structure and made it much more flexible to use. In its new shape and form, Fluent Bit configuration supports native Fluent Bit parsers and allows you to [configure aliases](https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/administration/monitoring#configuring-aliases) for input and output plugins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We upgraded to the latest upstream version of the Fluent Bit chart. As a result, we can take advantage of the changes to its overall structure, which made it much more flexible to use. In its new shape and form, Fluent Bit configuration supports native Fluent Bit parsers and allows you to [configure aliases](https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/administration/monitoring#configuring-aliases) for input and output plugins.
```
I'm not sure we can say `we changed`. Fluent Bit is not our solution, but a third party library. Or am I missing something? 

(There are better ways to phrase it than what I proposed, depending on how much you want to stick to the original content.)

Author: Thx, I restructured this sentence a bit :)

Read about the details of all introduced changes in the issue [#10089](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/issues/10089) and the [Migration Guide](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/release-1.20/docs/migration-guides/1.19-1.20.md).

### Support for Secrets in Fluent Bit

> Up until now, when you wanted to send logs to output plugins (such as Elastic Search or HTTP-based services), you had to pass their basic authentication credentials to Fluent Bit using plain ConfigMaps. These times are over. We've just [introduced](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/issues/10018) support for the already existing [Fluent Bit feature](https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/administration/configuring-fluent-bit/variables) and provided a way to store these sensitive details in a more secure way - in Secrets.

Reviewer: `These times are over.`
I like how you phrased it!

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53601578/108720702-6ee7fd00-7521-11eb-9ea7-2679c9bb8df8.png)

> > **CAUTION:** Not only do we advise but even strongly recommend you use this new feature and move all your credentials for output plugins to Secrets. Read the [Migration Guide](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/release-1.20/docs/migration-guides/1.19-1.20.md) for more details.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if—and I'm writing it with a broken heart—this structure is not too convoluted. This is very nice English, but maybe a bit too nice for release notes. Our guidelines say to keep it simple so that a non-native person can read it with ease and I'm not sure negative inversion is that.

```suggestion
> **CAUTION:** We **strongly** recommend that you use this new feature and move all your credentials for output plugins to Secrets! Read the [Migration Guide](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/release-1.20/docs/migration-guides/1.19-1.20.md) for more details.
```

Also, `recommend` and `advise` mean more or less the same, but I get that you wanted to emphasize here that it's not just a cool new feature but something to improve security, and differentiate it from an encouragement, and I like that, so if you really wanted to stick to the original version, then you could go with 
`Not only do we encourage you, but even strongly recommend that you (...)`

Author: Sure, I will simplify it and make it more direct.

## Serverless

### Configurable Docker registry

> Before 1.20, you could only change the default internal Docker registry for your Function images to an external one through overrides. You had to do it centrally for the whole cluster and trigger either a Kyma installation or an update process afterward. We have now extended this functionality by enabling registry switch in the runtime. Changing the underlying Docker registry is now possible without the hassle of running an update. Moreover, you also get the flexibility to choose between different Docker registries for different Namespaces. This way, you can configure registries as you please. You can either opt for one central external registry in the cluster or switch to Docker Hub, Google Container Registry (GCR), or Azure Container Registry (ACR) in specific Namespaces. You can even have different repositories in different Namespaces. Sky is the limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before 1.20, you could change the default internal Docker registry for your Function images to an external one only through overrides. You had to do it centrally for the whole cluster and trigger either a Kyma installation or an update process afterward. We have now extended this functionality by enabling registry switch at runtime. Changing the underlying Docker registry is now possible without the hassle of running an update. Moreover, you also get the flexibility to choose between different Docker registries for different Namespaces. This way, you can configure registries as you please. You can either opt for one central external registry in the cluster or switch to Docker Hub, Google Container Registry (GCR), or Azure Container Registry (ACR) in specific Namespaces. You can even have different repositories in different Namespaces. Sky is the limit.
```
- `you could only (...)` -> `(...) only through overrides` - you could still do it, but **only** through overrides. See [this](https://www.wikihow.com/Use-the-Word-%22Only%22-Correctly) for reference.
- `in the runtime` -> `at runtime` - I assume you mean the time of running here, the so called [hot reload](https://www.google.com/search?rlz=1C5GCEM_enPL922PL922&ei=AMMzYLy3O6GtrgTIoaGgCg&q=hot+reload+%22on+runtime%22&oq=hot+reload+%22on+runtime%22)? See [this](https://www.yourdictionary.com/runtime) for reference.
- `Sky is the limit` - Again, nice phrasing!

---
title: "Kyma 1.20 Amsterdam"
author:
  name: "Karolina Zydek, Technical Writer @Kyma"
tags:
  - release-notes
type: release
releaseTag: "1.20.0"
redirectFrom:
  - "/blog/release-notes-120"
---

> Hartelijk welkom bij Kyma 1.20 Amsterdam! Slip into a comfy pair of clogs, grab a tulip in your hand, and hop on a guided bike tour around recent changes in Kyma. This time it will be a quick but interesting ride, with four stops in the eventing, installation, logging, and serverless areas. Read on to see how these components have evolved and matured in the recent weeks, as their development is the leitmotif of this release.

Reviewer 2: Haven't we capitalized the names of the components up until now? 🤔 
See the [previous release notes](https://kyma-project.io/blog/) for reference.

Author: Hmm, I rather meant general "areas" than component names here so not sure to be honest 🤔

<!-- overview -->

> **CAUTION:** If you currently have any overrides for Fluent Bit, you must update them before upgrading your Kyma deployment to 1.20. Read the [Migration Guide](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/release-1.20/docs/migration-guides/1.19-1.20.md) for details.

See the overview of all changes in this release:

- [Eventing](#eventing) - Removed support for outdated Knative APIs
- [Installation](#installation) - Evaluation and production profiles for Kyma installation and upgrade
- [Logging](#logging) - Revamp of the Fluent Bit chart, support for Secrets in Fluent Bit
- [Serverless](#serverless) - Configurable Docker registry

## Eventing

### Removed support for outdated Knative APIs

> We've recently removed the support for the Knative APIs `legacysinkbindings.webhook.sources.knative.dev` and `sinkbindings.webhook.sources.knative.dev`. Apart from the above APIs, this change does not affect any other Kyma features. You can find the details of this change in the issue [#10628](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/pull/10628).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We've recently removed the support for the `legacysinkbindings.webhook.sources.knative.dev` and `sinkbindings.webhook.sources.knative.dev` Knative APIs. Apart from these APIs, the change does not affect any other Kyma features. You can find the details of this change in the issue [#10628](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/pull/10628).
```

Author: To be consistent, I also removed `the` before `support` in this section.

## Installation  

### Evaluation and production profiles for Kyma installation and upgrade

Starting with the 1.20 release, you can install or upgrade Kyma with one of these predefined profiles:

- **Evaluation profile** with limited resources, suitable if you want to try out Kyma
- **Production profile** with high availability and scalability, recommended if you use Kyma for your production workload

> For more details, read an [overview of both profiles](https://kyma-project.io/docs/1.20/root/kyma/#installation-overview-profiles).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more details, read the [overview of both profiles](https://kyma-project.io/docs/1.20/root/kyma/#installation-overview-profiles).
```

## Logging

### Revamp of the Fluent Bit chart

We upgraded to the latest upstream version of the Fluent Bit chart. As a result, we changed its overall structure and made it much more flexible to use. In its new shape and form, Fluent Bit configuration supports native Fluent Bit parsers and allows you to [configure aliases](https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/administration/monitoring#configuring-aliases) for input and output plugins.

> Read about details of all introduced changes in the issue [#10089](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/issues/10089) and the [Migration Guide](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/release-1.20/docs/migration-guides/1.19-1.20.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Read about the details of all introduced changes in the issue [#10089](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/issues/10089) and the [Migration Guide](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/blob/release-1.20/docs/migration-guides/1.19-1.20.md).
```

> 

Reviewer 2: As one dev once said: `Remove the blank line` 😄

### Support for Secrets in Fluent Bit

> Up until now, when you wanted to send logs to output plugins (such as Elastic Search or HTTP-based services), you had to pass their basic authentication credentials to Fluent Bit using plain ConfigMaps. These times are over. We've just [introduced](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/issues/10018) the support for the already existing [Fluent Bit feature](https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/administration/configuring-fluent-bit/variables) and provide a way to store these sensitive details in a more secure way - in Secrets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Up until now, when you wanted to send logs to output plugins (such as Elastic Search or HTTP-based services), you had to pass their basic authentication credentials to Fluent Bit using plain ConfigMaps. These times are over. We've just [introduced](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/issues/10018) support for the already existing [Fluent Bit feature](https://docs.fluentbit.io/manual/administration/configuring-fluent-bit/variables) and provided a way to store these sensitive details in a more secure way - in Secrets.
```

## Serverless

### Configurable Docker registry

Before 1.20, you could only change the default internal Docker registry for your Function images to an external one through overrides. You had to do it centrally for the whole cluster and trigger either a Kyma installation or an update process afterward. We have now extended this functionality by enabling registry switch in the runtime. Changing the underlying Docker registry is now possible without the hassle of running an update. Moreover, you also get the flexibility to choose between different Docker registries for different Namespaces. This way, you can configure registries as you please. You can either opt for one central external registry in the cluster or switch to Docker Hub, Google Container Registry (GCR), or Azure Container Registry (ACR) in specific Namespaces. You can even have different repositories in different Namespaces. Sky is the limit.

Learn more about:
- [Internal and external registries in general](https://kyma-project.io/docs/1.20/components/serverless/#details-internal-and-external-registries)

> - [The way in which you can switch between them](https://kyma-project.io/docs/1.20/components/serverless/#tutorials-switch-to-an-external-docker-registry-in-the-runtime)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [How you can switch between them](https://kyma-project.io/docs/1.20/components/serverless/#tutorials-switch-to-an-external-docker-registry-in-the-runtime)
```
